# power_bi_report_server_rest_api

PowerBiReportServerRestApi - JavaScript client for power_bi_report_server_rest_api
The Power BI Report Server REST API provides programmatic access to the report server catalog.  For example, basic CRUD operations can be done on folders, reports, KPIs, data sources, datasets, refresh plans, subscriptions, etc.     The REST API can also be used to provide more advanced functionality, such as: * Navigate the folder hierarchy * Discover the contents of a folder * Download a report definition * Modify default report parameters * Change or execute a refresh plan * A whole lot more  The REST API is a RESTful successor to the legacy [SOAP API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/reportservice2010.reportingservice2010.aspx).  Since Power BI Report Server is a superset of SQL Server Reporting Services, the Power BI Report Server REST API is a superset of the  [SQL Server Reporting Services REST API](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/microsoft-rs/SSRS/2.0).  __Power BI Report Server API Additions__ * January 2019 Release   * /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataModelRoles (GET)   * /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataModelRoleAssignments (GET & PUT)  Happy coding!  __API samples:__ https://github.com/Microsoft/Reporting-Services  __Developer documentation:__ https://powerbi.microsoft.com/documentation/reportserver-developer-handbook-overview/  __Team Blog:__  https://powerbi.microsoft.com/blog/  __Support forums:__  https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Report-Server/bd-p/ReportServer 
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.0
- Package version: 2.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install power_bi_report_server_rest_api --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your power_bi_report_server_rest_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('power_bi_report_server_rest_api')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/power_bi_report_server_rest_api
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/power_bi_report_server_rest_api --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var PowerBiReportServerRestApi = require('power_bi_report_server_rest_api');

var api = new PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi()

var cacheRefreshPlan = new PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlan(); // {CacheRefreshPlan} The definition of the new CacheRefreshPlan item.


var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.addCacheRefreshPlan(cacheRefreshPlan, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/reports/api/v2.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**addCacheRefreshPlan**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#addCacheRefreshPlan) | **POST** /CacheRefreshPlans | Creates a new CacheRefreshPlan item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**deleteCacheRefreshPlan**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#deleteCacheRefreshPlan) | **DELETE** /CacheRefreshPlans({Id}) | Deletes the specified CacheRefreshPlan.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**executeCacheRefreshPlan**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#executeCacheRefreshPlan) | **POST** /CacheRefreshPlans({Id})/Model.Execute | Executes given CacheRefreshPlan immediately.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**getCacheRefreshPlan**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#getCacheRefreshPlan) | **GET** /CacheRefreshPlans({Id}) | Gets a CacheRefreshPlan item specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**getCacheRefreshPlanHistory**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#getCacheRefreshPlanHistory) | **GET** /CacheRefreshPlans({Id})/History | Gets an array of history or execution records for the specified cache refresh plan.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlansApi* | [**setCacheRefreshPlan**](docs/CacheRefreshPlansApi.md#setCacheRefreshPlan) | **PUT** /CacheRefreshPlans({Id}) | Replaces the specified CacheRefreshPlan item using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**addCatalogItem**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#addCatalogItem) | **POST** /CatalogItems | Creates a new CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**deleteCatalogItem**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#deleteCatalogItem) | **DELETE** /CatalogItems({Id}) | Deletes the specified CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**deleteCatalogItems**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#deleteCatalogItems) | **POST** /CatalogItems/Model.DeleteItems | Deletes the given list of items
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItem**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItem) | **GET** /CatalogItems({Id}) | Gets a CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItemContent**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItemContent) | **GET** /CatalogItems({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItemPolicies**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItemPolicies) | **GET** /CatalogItems({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the specified CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItemProperties**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItemProperties) | **GET** /CatalogItems({Id})/Properties | Gets the specified Properties for the CatalogItem (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItemRoles**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItemRoles) | **GET** /CatalogItems({Id})/Roles | Gets the list of available Roles for the CatalogItem
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**getCatalogItems**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#getCatalogItems) | **GET** /CatalogItems | Gets an array of CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**moveCatalogItems**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#moveCatalogItems) | **POST** /CatalogItems/Model.MoveItems | Moves given list of items to target folder.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**setCatalogItemPolicies**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#setCatalogItemPolicies) | **PUT** /CatalogItems({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the specified CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**updateCatalogItem**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#updateCatalogItem) | **PATCH** /CatalogItems({Id}) | Updates the specified CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemsApi* | [**updateCatalogItemProperties**](docs/CatalogItemsApi.md#updateCatalogItemProperties) | **PUT** /CatalogItems({Id})/Properties | Updates a CatalogItem's Properties with the list of given properties.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**addDataSet**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#addDataSet) | **POST** /DataSets | Creates a new DataSet CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**deleteDataSet**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#deleteDataSet) | **DELETE** /DataSets({Id}) | Deletes the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSet**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSet) | **GET** /DataSets({Id}) | Gets a DataSet CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetAggregatedValue**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetAggregatedValue) | **POST** /DataSets({Id})/Model.GetAggregatedValue | Gets the value for the specified DataSet column using the given aggregation type.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetAllowedActions**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetAllowedActions) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetCacheOptions**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetCacheOptions) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/CacheOptions | Gets the CacheOption's content for a given DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetCacheRefreshPlans**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetCacheRefreshPlans) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/CacheRefreshPlans | Gets the CacheRefreshPlans for a given DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetContent**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetContent) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified DataSet CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetData**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetData) | **POST** /DataSets({Id})/Model.GetData | Gets the query results for the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetDataSource**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetDataSource) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/DataSources({DataSourceId}) | Gets the DataSource specified by the DataSourceId that is associated with the DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetDataSources**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetDataSources) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/DataSources | Gets the DataSources associated with the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetDependentItems**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetDependentItems) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/DependentItems | Returns a list of CatalogItems that reference the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetODataFeed**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetODataFeed) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/Data | Gets the data for a given DataSet. With the exception of the ID property, columns that are defined in the DataSet will be returned as open or dynamic types in the result.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetParameterDefinitions**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetParameterDefinitions) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Gets the ParameterDefinitions associated with the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetPolicies**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetPolicies) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the specified DataSet CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSetSchema**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSetSchema) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/Model.GetSchema | Gets the schema for the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDataSets**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDataSets) | **GET** /DataSets | Gets an array of DataSet CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**getDatasetProperties**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#getDatasetProperties) | **GET** /DataSets({Id})/Properties | Gets DataSet Properties (takes list of property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**setDataSetCacheOptions**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#setDataSetCacheOptions) | **PUT** /DataSets({Id})/CacheOptions | Replaces the CacheOption's content for a given DataSet using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**setDataSetDataSource**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#setDataSetDataSource) | **PUT** /DataSets({Id})/DataSources({DataSourceId}) | Updates the DataSource specified by the DataSourceId that is associated with the DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**setDataSetDataSources**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#setDataSetDataSources) | **PUT** /DataSets({Id})/DataSources | Updates the DataSource definition associated with the specified DataSet.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**setDataSetPolicies**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#setDataSetPolicies) | **PUT** /DataSets({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the specified DataSet item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**updateDataSet**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#updateDataSet) | **PATCH** /DataSets({Id}) | Updates the specified DataSet CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**updateDataSetParameterDefinitions**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#updateDataSetParameterDefinitions) | **PATCH** /DataSets({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Updates the ParameterDefinitions associated with the DataSet specified.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**updateDatasetProperties**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#updateDatasetProperties) | **PUT** /DataSets({Id})/Properties | Updates the DataSet Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetsApi* | [**uploadDataSet**](docs/DataSetsApi.md#uploadDataSet) | **POST** /DataSets({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing DataSet CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**addDataSource**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#addDataSource) | **POST** /DataSources | Creates a new DataSource CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**checkExistingDataSourceConnection**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#checkExistingDataSourceConnection) | **POST** /DataSources({Id})/Model.CheckConnection | Tests the connection for a data source. This method supports the testing of published data sources that are used by reports and shared data sources
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**checkNewDataSourceConnection**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#checkNewDataSourceConnection) | **POST** /DataSources/Model.CheckConnection | Tests the connection for a data source. This method supports the direct testing of the unsaved data source.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**deleteDataSource**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#deleteDataSource) | **DELETE** /DataSources({Id}) | Deletes the specified DataSource.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSource**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSource) | **GET** /DataSources({Id}) | Gets a DataSource CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceAllowedActions**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSourceAllowedActions) | **GET** /DataSources({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceContent**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSourceContent) | **GET** /DataSources({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the DataSource CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceDependentItems**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSourceDependentItems) | **GET** /DataSources({Id})/DependentItems | Returns a list of CatalogItems that reference the DataSource specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSourcePolicies**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSourcePolicies) | **GET** /DataSources({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the DataSource specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceQueryFields**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSourceQueryFields) | **POST** /DataSources/Model.GetQueryFields | Retrieves a dataset that contains the fields retrieved by the delivery query for a data-driven subscription.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDataSources**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDataSources) | **GET** /DataSources | Gets an array of DataSource CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceProperties**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getDatasourceProperties) | **GET** /DataSources({Id})/Properties | Gets DataSource Properties (takes list of property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**setDataSourcePolicies**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#setDataSourcePolicies) | **PUT** /DataSources({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the DataSource specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**updateDataSource**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#updateDataSource) | **PATCH** /DataSources({Id}) | Updates the DataSource CatalogItem specified by the Id using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**updateDatasourceProperties**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#updateDatasourceProperties) | **PUT** /DataSources({Id})/Properties | Updates the DataSource Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**uploadDataSource**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#uploadDataSource) | **POST** /DataSources({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing DataSource CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**addExcelWorkbook**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#addExcelWorkbook) | **POST** /ExcelWorkbooks | Creates a new ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**addExcelWorkbookComment**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#addExcelWorkbookComment) | **POST** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Comments | Creates a new Comment associated to the specified ExcelWorkbook.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**deleteExcelWorkbook**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#deleteExcelWorkbook) | **DELETE** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id}) | Deletes the specified ExcelWorkbook.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**deleteExcelWorkbookComment**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#deleteExcelWorkbookComment) | **DELETE** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Deletes the specified Comment associated to the ExcelWorkbook.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbook**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbook) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id}) | Gets the ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbookAllowedActions**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbookAllowedActions) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session, user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbookComments**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbookComments) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Comments | Gets the Comments for a ExcelWorkbook specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbookContent**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbookContent) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbookPolicies**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbookPolicies) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Policies | Gets policies associated with the specified ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbookProperties**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbookProperties) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Properties | Gets ExcelWorkbook properties (takes list of property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**getExcelWorkbooks**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#getExcelWorkbooks) | **GET** /ExcelWorkbooks | Gets an array of ExcelWorkbook CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**setExcelWorkbookPolicies**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#setExcelWorkbookPolicies) | **PUT** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the specified ExcelWorkbook item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**updateExcelWorkbook**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#updateExcelWorkbook) | **PATCH** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id}) | Updates the specified ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**updateExcelWorkbookComment**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#updateExcelWorkbookComment) | **PUT** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Updates the Comment specified by CommentId in the associated ExcelWorkbook.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**updateExcelWorkbookProperties**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#updateExcelWorkbookProperties) | **PUT** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Properties | Updates the ExcelWorkbook properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbooksApi* | [**uploadExcelWorkbook**](docs/ExcelWorkbooksApi.md#uploadExcelWorkbook) | **POST** /ExcelWorkbooks({Id})/Model.Upload | Creates a new ExcelWorkbook CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionsApi* | [**getExtensionParameters**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getExtensionParameters) | **GET** /Extensions({Id})/Parameters | Retrieves the ExtensionParameter list for given extension.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionsApi* | [**getExtensions**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getExtensions) | **GET** /Extensions | Retreives all Extension items.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionsApi* | [**validateExtensionParameters**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#validateExtensionParameters) | **POST** /Extensions/Model.ValidateExtensionSettings | Validates extension parameters and returns collection of ExtensionParameter.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FavoriteItemsApi* | [**getFavoriteItems**](docs/FavoriteItemsApi.md#getFavoriteItems) | **GET** /FavoriteItems | Retrieves a collection of items of type CatalogItem which have been designated as favorites. Use the OData $expand option to also get the referenced items.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FavoriteItemsApi* | [**removeFavoriteItem**](docs/FavoriteItemsApi.md#removeFavoriteItem) | **DELETE** /FavoriteItems({Id}) | Removes a CatalogItem from the list of favorite items.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FavoriteItemsApi* | [**setFavoriteItem**](docs/FavoriteItemsApi.md#setFavoriteItem) | **POST** /FavoriteItems | Designate a CatalogItem as a favorite.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**addFolder**](docs/FoldersApi.md#addFolder) | **POST** /Folders | Creates a new Folder CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**deleteFolder**](docs/FoldersApi.md#deleteFolder) | **DELETE** /Folders({Id}) | Deletes the specified Folder.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolder**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolder) | **GET** /Folders({Id}) | Gets a Folder CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolderAllowedActions**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolderAllowedActions) | **GET** /Folders({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolderCatalogItems**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolderCatalogItems) | **GET** /Folders({Id})/CatalogItems | Gets a list of child CatalogItems in the specified folder.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolderPolicies**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolderPolicies) | **GET** /Folders({Id})/Policies | Gets policies associated with the Folder CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolderProperties**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolderProperties) | **GET** /Folders({Id})/Properties | Gets Folder Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**getFolders**](docs/FoldersApi.md#getFolders) | **GET** /Folders | Gets an array of Folder CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**searchCatalogItemsInFolder**](docs/FoldersApi.md#searchCatalogItemsInFolder) | **POST** /Folders({Id})/Model.SearchItems(searchText=%27{searchText}%27) | Searches items in a given folder.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**setFolderPolicies**](docs/FoldersApi.md#setFolderPolicies) | **PUT** /Folders({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the Folder item specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**updateFolder**](docs/FoldersApi.md#updateFolder) | **PATCH** /Folders({Id}) | Updates the specified Folder CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FoldersApi* | [**updateFolderProperties**](docs/FoldersApi.md#updateFolderProperties) | **PUT** /Folders({Id})/Properties | Updates the Folder Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**addKpi**](docs/KpisApi.md#addKpi) | **POST** /Kpis | Creates a new Kpi CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**deleteKpi**](docs/KpisApi.md#deleteKpi) | **DELETE** /Kpis({Id}) | Deletes the specified Kpi.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**getKpi**](docs/KpisApi.md#getKpi) | **GET** /Kpis({Id}) | Gets a Kpi CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**getKpiAllowedActions**](docs/KpisApi.md#getKpiAllowedActions) | **GET** /Kpis({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session, user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**getKpiPolicies**](docs/KpisApi.md#getKpiPolicies) | **GET** /Kpis({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the Kpi CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**getKpiProperties**](docs/KpisApi.md#getKpiProperties) | **GET** /Kpis({Id})/Properties | Gets Kpi Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**getKpis**](docs/KpisApi.md#getKpis) | **GET** /Kpis | Gets an array of Kpi CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**setKpiPolicies**](docs/KpisApi.md#setKpiPolicies) | **PUT** /Kpis({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the Kpi specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**updateKpi**](docs/KpisApi.md#updateKpi) | **PATCH** /Kpis({Id}) | Updates the specified Kpi CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpisApi* | [**updateKpiProperties**](docs/KpisApi.md#updateKpiProperties) | **PUT** /Kpis({Id})/Properties | Updates the Kpi Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**addLinkedReport**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#addLinkedReport) | **POST** /LinkedReports | Creates a new LinkedReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**addLinkedReportComment**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#addLinkedReportComment) | **POST** /LinkedReports({Id})/Comments | Creates a new Comment associated to the specified LinkedReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**addLinkedReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#addLinkedReportHistorySnapshot) | **POST** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshots | Creates new HistorySnapshot
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**deleteLinkedReport**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#deleteLinkedReport) | **DELETE** /LinkedReports({Id}) | Deletes the specified LinkedReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**deleteLinkedReportComment**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#deleteLinkedReportComment) | **DELETE** /LinkedReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Deletes the specified Comment associated to the LinkedReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**deleteLinkedReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#deleteLinkedReportHistorySnapshot) | **DELETE** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshots({HistoryId}) | Deletes a HistorySnapshot specified by HistoryId from the LinkedReport specified by Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReport**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReport) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id}) | Gets a LinkedReport CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportAllowedActions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportAllowedActions) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportCacheOptions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportCacheOptions) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/CacheOptions | Gets the content of CacheOptions for the LinkedReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportCacheRefreshPlans**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportCacheRefreshPlans) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/CacheRefreshPlans | Gets the CacheRefreshPlans for a LinkedReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportComments**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportComments) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/Comments | Gets the Comments for a LinkedReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportHistorySnapshot) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshots({HistoryId}) | Gets requested HistorySnapshot item specified by HistoryId of the LinkedReport specified by Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportHistorySnapshotOptions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportHistorySnapshotOptions) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshotOptions | Gets HistorySnapshotOptions for the specified LinkedReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportHistorySnapshots**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportHistorySnapshots) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshots | Get a list of HistorySnapshots of the LinkedReport specified by Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportParameterDefinitions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportParameterDefinitions) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Gets the ParameterDefinitions associated with the LinkedReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportPolicies**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportPolicies) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the specified LinkedReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReportProperties**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReportProperties) | **GET** /LinkedReports({Id})/Properties | Gets LinkedReport Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**getLinkedReports**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#getLinkedReports) | **GET** /LinkedReports | Gets an array of LinkedReport CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**setLinkedReportCacheOptions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#setLinkedReportCacheOptions) | **PUT** /LinkedReports({Id})/CacheOptions | Replaces the CacheOption's content for a given LinkedReport using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**setLinkedReportHistorySnapshotOptions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#setLinkedReportHistorySnapshotOptions) | **PUT** /LinkedReports({Id})/HistorySnapshotOptions | Updates HistorySnapshotOptions property.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**setLinkedReportPolicies**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#setLinkedReportPolicies) | **PUT** /LinkedReports({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the specified LinkedReport item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**updateLinkedReport**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#updateLinkedReport) | **PATCH** /LinkedReports({Id}) | Updates the specified LinkedReport CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**updateLinkedReportComment**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#updateLinkedReportComment) | **PUT** /LinkedReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Updates the Comment specified by CommentId in the associated LinkedReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**updateLinkedReportParameterDefinitions**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#updateLinkedReportParameterDefinitions) | **PATCH** /LinkedReports({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Updates the ParameterDefinitions associated with the specified LinkedReport by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReportsApi* | [**updateLinkedReportProperties**](docs/LinkedReportsApi.md#updateLinkedReportProperties) | **PUT** /LinkedReports({Id})/Properties | Updates the LinkedReport Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MeApi* | [**getUserDetails**](docs/MeApi.md#getUserDetails) | **GET** /Me | Gets the User object for the current user.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**addMobileReport**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#addMobileReport) | **POST** /MobileReports | Creates new MobileReport item
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**addMobileReportComment**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#addMobileReportComment) | **POST** /MobileReports({Id})/Comments | Creates a new Comment associated to the specified MobileReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**deleteMobileReport**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#deleteMobileReport) | **DELETE** /MobileReports({Id}) | Delete the specified MobileReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**deleteMobileReportComment**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#deleteMobileReportComment) | **DELETE** /MobileReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Deletes the specified Comment associated to the MobileReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReport**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReport) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id}) | Fetch MobileReport item by Id or path property.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReportAllowedActions**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReportAllowedActions) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; considering user permissions and product edition capabilities.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReportComments**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReportComments) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id})/Comments | Gets the Comments for a MobileReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReportContent**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReportContent) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified MobileReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReportPolicies**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReportPolicies) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the MobileReport catalog item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReportProperties**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReportProperties) | **GET** /MobileReports({Id})/Properties | Gets MobileReport Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**getMobileReports**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#getMobileReports) | **GET** /MobileReports | Retrieve array of MobileReport catalog items.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**setMobileReportPolicies**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#setMobileReportPolicies) | **PUT** /MobileReports({Id})/Policies | Sets ItemPolicies on the MobileReport item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**updateMobileReport**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#updateMobileReport) | **PATCH** /MobileReports({Id}) | Updates the specified MobileReport CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**updateMobileReportComment**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#updateMobileReportComment) | **PUT** /MobileReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Updates the Comment specified by CommentId in the associated MobileReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**updateMobileReportProperties**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#updateMobileReportProperties) | **PUT** /MobileReports({Id})/Properties | Updates the MobileReport properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportsApi* | [**uploadMobileReport**](docs/MobileReportsApi.md#uploadMobileReport) | **POST** /MobileReports({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing MobileReport CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**addPowerBIReport**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#addPowerBIReport) | **POST** /PowerBIReports | Creates a new PowerBIReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**addPowerBIReportComment**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#addPowerBIReportComment) | **POST** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Comments | Creates a new Comment associated to the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**checkPowerBIReportDataSourceConnection**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#checkPowerBIReportDataSourceConnection) | **POST** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Model.CheckDataSourceConnection | Checks the status of the specified DataSource connection.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**deletePowerBIReport**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#deletePowerBIReport) | **DELETE** /PowerBIReports({Id}) | Deletes the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**deletePowerBIReportComment**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#deletePowerBIReportComment) | **DELETE** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Deletes the specified Comment associated to the PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBICacheRefreshPlans**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBICacheRefreshPlans) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/CacheRefreshPlans | Gets the CacheRefreshPlans for a given Power BI Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReport**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReport) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id}) | Gets a PowerBIReport CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportAllowedActions**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportAllowedActions) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportComments**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportComments) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Comments | Gets the Comments for a PowerBIReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportContent**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportContent) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified PowerBIReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportDataModelRoleAssignments**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportDataModelRoleAssignments) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataModelRoleAssignments | Gets the data model role assignments that are associated with the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportDataModelRoles**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportDataModelRoles) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataModelRoles | Gets the data model roles that are associated with the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportDataSources**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportDataSources) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataSources | Gets the DataSources that are associated with the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportPolicies**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportPolicies) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies associated with the specified PowerBIReport CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReportProperties**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReportProperties) | **GET** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Properties | Gets PowerBIReports Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**getPowerBIReports**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#getPowerBIReports) | **GET** /PowerBIReports | Gets an array of PowerBIReport CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**replacePowerBIReportDataModelRoleAssignments**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#replacePowerBIReportDataModelRoleAssignments) | **PUT** /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataModelRoleAssignments | Replaces the data model role assignments that are associated with the specified PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**setPowerBIReportPolicies**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#setPowerBIReportPolicies) | **PUT** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the specified PowerBIReport item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**updatePowerBIReport**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#updatePowerBIReport) | **PATCH** /PowerBIReports({Id}) | Updates the specified PowerBIReport CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**updatePowerBIReportComment**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#updatePowerBIReportComment) | **PUT** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Updates the Comment specified by CommentId in the associated PowerBIReport.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**updatePowerBIReportDataSource**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#updatePowerBIReportDataSource) | **PATCH** /PowerBIReports({Id})/DataSources | Updates the DataSource definition associated with the PowerBIReport specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**updatePowerBIReportProperties**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#updatePowerBIReportProperties) | **PUT** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Properties | Updates the PowerBIReport Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReportsApi* | [**uploadPowerBIReport**](docs/PowerBIReportsApi.md#uploadPowerBIReport) | **POST** /PowerBIReports({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing PowerBIReport CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**addReport**](docs/ReportsApi.md#addReport) | **POST** /Reports | Creates a new Report CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**addReportComment**](docs/ReportsApi.md#addReportComment) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/Comments | Creates a new Comment associated to the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**addReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/ReportsApi.md#addReportHistorySnapshot) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshots | Creates new HistorySnapshot
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**checkReportDataSourceConnection**](docs/ReportsApi.md#checkReportDataSourceConnection) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/Model.CheckDataSourceConnection | Checks the status of the specified Reports DataSource connection.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**deleteReport**](docs/ReportsApi.md#deleteReport) | **DELETE** /Reports({Id}) | Deletes the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**deleteReportComment**](docs/ReportsApi.md#deleteReportComment) | **DELETE** /Reports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Deletes the specified Comment associated to the Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**deleteReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/ReportsApi.md#deleteReportHistorySnapshot) | **DELETE** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshots({HistoryId}) | Deletes the requested Reports HistorySnapshot specified by HistoryId.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReport**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReport) | **GET** /Reports({Id}) | Gets a Report CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportAllowedActions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportAllowedActions) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportCacheOptions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportCacheOptions) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/CacheOptions | Gets the content of CacheOptions for the Report specified by the Id
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportCacheRefreshPlans**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportCacheRefreshPlans) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/CacheRefreshPlans | Gets the CacheRefreshPlans for the Report specified by the Id
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportComments**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportComments) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/Comments | Gets the Comments for a Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportContent**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportContent) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified Report CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportDataSources**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportDataSources) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/DataSources | Gets the DataSources associated with the Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportDependentItems**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportDependentItems) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/DependentItems | Returns a list of CatalogItems that reference the Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportHistorySnapshot**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportHistorySnapshot) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshots({HistoryId}) | Gets the requested Reports HistorySnapshot specified by HistoryId.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportHistorySnapshotOptions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportHistorySnapshotOptions) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshotOptions | Gets the HistorySnapshotOptions for the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportHistorySnapshots**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportHistorySnapshots) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshots | Get a list of HistorySnapshots for the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportParameterDefinitions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportParameterDefinitions) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Gets the ParameterDefinitions associated with the Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportPolicies**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportPolicies) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/Policies | Gets policies associated with the specified Report CatalogItem.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportProperties**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportProperties) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/Properties | Gets the specified Reports Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportSharedDataSets**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportSharedDataSets) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/SharedDataSets | Gets the shared DataSets for the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReportSubscriptions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReportSubscriptions) | **GET** /Reports({Id})/Subscriptions | Gets the Subscriptions for the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**getReports**](docs/ReportsApi.md#getReports) | **GET** /Reports | Gets an array of Report CatalogItems.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**setReportCacheOptions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#setReportCacheOptions) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/CacheOptions | Replaces the CacheOptions content for a given Report using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**setReportDataSource**](docs/ReportsApi.md#setReportDataSource) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/DataSources | Updates the DataSource definition associated with the Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**setReportHistorySnapshotOptions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#setReportHistorySnapshotOptions) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/HistorySnapshotOptions | Updates HistorySnapshotOptions for the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**setReportPolicies**](docs/ReportsApi.md#setReportPolicies) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies associated with the Report specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**setReportSharedDataSets**](docs/ReportsApi.md#setReportSharedDataSets) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/SharedDataSets | Updates the DataSet definitions associated with the specified Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateCacheSnapshot**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateCacheSnapshot) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/Model.UpdateCacheSnapshot | Updates the execution cache snapshot for the specified report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateReport**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateReport) | **PATCH** /Reports({Id}) | Updates the specified Report CatalogItem using the provided definition.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateReportComment**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateReportComment) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/Comments({CommentId}) | Updates the Comment specified by CommentId in the associated Report.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateReportDataSets**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateReportDataSets) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/Model.UpdateReportDataSets | Updates report to use the specificed shared datasets.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateReportParameterDefinitions**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateReportParameterDefinitions) | **PATCH** /Reports({Id})/ParameterDefinitions | Updates the ParameterDefinitions associated with the Report specified by Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**updateReportProperties**](docs/ReportsApi.md#updateReportProperties) | **PUT** /Reports({Id})/Properties | Updates the Report Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportsApi* | [**uploadReport**](docs/ReportsApi.md#uploadReport) | **POST** /Reports({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing Report CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**addResource**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#addResource) | **POST** /Resources | Creates new Resource item
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**deleteResource**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#deleteResource) | **DELETE** /Resources({Id}) | Delete the specified Resource catalog item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResource**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResource) | **GET** /Resources({Id}) | Get the specified Resource.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResourceAllowedActions**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResourceAllowedActions) | **GET** /Resources({Id})/AllowedActions | Gets a list of actions allowed in the current session; considering user permissions and product edition capabilities.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResourceContent**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResourceContent) | **GET** /Resources({Id})/Content/$value | Gets the content of the specified Resource CatalogItem specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResourcePolicies**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResourcePolicies) | **GET** /Resources({Id})/Policies | Gets ItemPolicies on the Resource item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResourceProperties**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResourceProperties) | **GET** /Resources({Id})/Properties | Gets the specified Resources Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**getResources**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#getResources) | **GET** /Resources | Gets an array of Resource catalog items
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**setResourcePolicies**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#setResourcePolicies) | **PUT** /Resources({Id})/Policies | Replaces ItemPolicies on the Resource item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**updateResource**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#updateResource) | **PATCH** /Resources({Id}) | Updates the specified Resource catalog item.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**updateResourceProperties**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#updateResourceProperties) | **PUT** /Resources({Id})/Properties | Updates the Resource Properties included in the given list.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourcesApi* | [**uploadResource**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#uploadResource) | **POST** /Resources({Id})/Model.Upload | Does an efficient binary upload of a new or existing Resource CatalogItem from a multipart/form-data request. Use of this API is recommended for files larger than 25 MB in size.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SessionApi* | [**createSession**](docs/SessionApi.md#createSession) | **POST** /Session | Creates a new session
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SessionApi* | [**deleteSession**](docs/SessionApi.md#deleteSession) | **DELETE** /Session | Deletes the currently active session
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**addSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#addSubscription) | **POST** /Subscriptions | Creates new Subscription item
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**deleteSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#deleteSubscription) | **DELETE** /Subscriptions({Id}) | Deletes the specified Subscription.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**disableSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#disableSubscription) | **POST** /Subscriptions({Id})/Model.Disable | Disables the Subscription specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**enableSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#enableSubscription) | **POST** /Subscriptions({Id})/Model.Enable | Enables a Subscription specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**executeSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#executeSubscription) | **POST** /Subscriptions({Id})/Model.Execute | Executes the Subscription specified by the Id.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**getSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#getSubscription) | **GET** /Subscriptions({Id}) | Get the specified Subscription.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**getSubscriptions**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#getSubscriptions) | **GET** /Subscriptions | Gets an array of Subscriptions.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**setSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#setSubscription) | **PUT** /Subscriptions({Id}) | Replaces the Subscription item using Id property as key.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionsApi* | [**updateSubscription**](docs/SubscriptionsApi.md#updateSubscription) | **PATCH** /Subscriptions({Id}) | Updates the Subscription item using Id property as key.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemAllowedActions**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemAllowedActions) | **GET** /System/AllowedActions | Gets a list of system level actions allowed in the current session; user permissions and product edition capabilities are considered when querying.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemInfo**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemInfo) | **GET** /System | Get SystemInformation
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemPolicies**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemPolicies) | **GET** /System/Policies | Gets the System Policies.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemProperties**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemProperties) | **GET** /System/Properties | Gets the Systems Properties (takes list of Property names to retrieve the values)
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**setSystemPolicies**](docs/SystemApi.md#setSystemPolicies) | **PUT** /System/Policies | Updates the System's Policies.
*PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemApi* | [**updateSystemProperties**](docs/SystemApi.md#updateSystemProperties) | **PATCH** /System/Properties | Updates the System Properties with the given property list.


## Documentation for Models

 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.AllowedAction](docs/AllowedAction.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.BulkOperationsResult](docs/BulkOperationsResult.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheOptions](docs/CacheOptions.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CacheRefreshPlan](docs/CacheRefreshPlan.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItem](docs/CatalogItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CatalogItemType](docs/CatalogItemType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Comment](docs/Comment.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CredentialsStoredInServer](docs/CredentialsStoredInServer.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.CredentialsSuppliedByUser](docs/CredentialsSuppliedByUser.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DailyRecurrence](docs/DailyRecurrence.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelDataSource](docs/DataModelDataSource.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelDataSourceAuthType](docs/DataModelDataSourceAuthType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelDataSourceKind](docs/DataModelDataSourceKind.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelDataSourceType](docs/DataModelDataSourceType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelRole](docs/DataModelRole.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataModelRoleAssignment](docs/DataModelRoleAssignment.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSet](docs/DataSet.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetAggregateValueParameters](docs/DataSetAggregateValueParameters.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetColumns](docs/DataSetColumns.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetData](docs/DataSetData.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetDataParameters](docs/DataSetDataParameters.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetField](docs/DataSetField.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetItem](docs/DataSetItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetParameter](docs/DataSetParameter.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetParameterInfo](docs/DataSetParameterInfo.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetRow](docs/DataSetRow.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSetSchema](docs/DataSetSchema.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSource](docs/DataSource.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DataSourceCheckResult](docs/DataSourceCheckResult.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DaysOfWeekSelector](docs/DaysOfWeekSelector.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DeleteItemsRequest](docs/DeleteItemsRequest.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DrillthroughTarget](docs/DrillthroughTarget.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.DrillthroughTargetType](docs/DrillthroughTargetType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExcelWorkbook](docs/ExcelWorkbook.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExpirationReference](docs/ExpirationReference.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Extension](docs/Extension.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionParameter](docs/ExtensionParameter.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionSettings](docs/ExtensionSettings.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ExtensionType](docs/ExtensionType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.FavoriteItem](docs/FavoriteItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Folder](docs/Folder.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.HistorySnapshot](docs/HistorySnapshot.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.HistorySnapshotOptions](docs/HistorySnapshotOptions.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ItemExecutionType](docs/ItemExecutionType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ItemPolicy](docs/ItemPolicy.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Kpi](docs/Kpi.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiData](docs/KpiData.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiDataItem](docs/KpiDataItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiDataItemType](docs/KpiDataItemType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiSharedDataItemAggregation](docs/KpiSharedDataItemAggregation.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiValueFormat](docs/KpiValueFormat.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiValues](docs/KpiValues.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.KpiVisualization](docs/KpiVisualization.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.LinkedReport](docs/LinkedReport.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ManifestItem](docs/ManifestItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MinuteRecurrence](docs/MinuteRecurrence.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReport](docs/MobileReport.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportManifest](docs/MobileReportManifest.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportResourceGroupType](docs/MobileReportResourceGroupType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MobileReportThumbnailType](docs/MobileReportThumbnailType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MonthlyDOWRecurrence](docs/MonthlyDOWRecurrence.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MonthlyRecurrence](docs/MonthlyRecurrence.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MonthsOfYearSelector](docs/MonthsOfYearSelector.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.MoveItemsRequest](docs/MoveItemsRequest.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataAllowedActions](docs/ODataAllowedActions.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataCacheRefreshPlans](docs/ODataCacheRefreshPlans.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataCatalogItems](docs/ODataCatalogItems.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataComments](docs/ODataComments.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDataModelRoleAssignments](docs/ODataDataModelRoleAssignments.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDataModelRoles](docs/ODataDataModelRoles.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDataSetRows](docs/ODataDataSetRows.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDataSets](docs/ODataDataSets.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDataSources](docs/ODataDataSources.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataDependentItems](docs/ODataDependentItems.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataExcelWorkbooks](docs/ODataExcelWorkbooks.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataFolders](docs/ODataFolders.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataKpis](docs/ODataKpis.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataLinkedReports](docs/ODataLinkedReports.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataMobileReport](docs/ODataMobileReport.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataPowerBIReports](docs/ODataPowerBIReports.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataProperties](docs/ODataProperties.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataProperties1](docs/ODataProperties1.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataQueryFields](docs/ODataQueryFields.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataReportParameterDefinitions](docs/ODataReportParameterDefinitions.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataReports](docs/ODataReports.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataResources](docs/ODataResources.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ODataSubscriptionHistory](docs/ODataSubscriptionHistory.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.OdataError](docs/OdataError.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.OdataErrorDetail](docs/OdataErrorDetail.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.OdataErrorMain](docs/OdataErrorMain.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ParameterValue](docs/ParameterValue.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Policy](docs/Policy.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.PowerBIReport](docs/PowerBIReport.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Property](docs/Property.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Query](docs/Query.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.QueryFieldsRequest](docs/QueryFieldsRequest.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Report](docs/Report.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportHistorySnapshotsOptions](docs/ReportHistorySnapshotsOptions.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportParameterDefinition](docs/ReportParameterDefinition.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportParameterDefinitionPatch](docs/ReportParameterDefinitionPatch.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportParameterState](docs/ReportParameterState.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportParameterType](docs/ReportParameterType.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ReportParameterVisibility](docs/ReportParameterVisibility.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Resource](docs/Resource.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourceGroup](docs/ResourceGroup.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ResourceItem](docs/ResourceItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ScheduleDefinition](docs/ScheduleDefinition.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ScheduleRecurrence](docs/ScheduleRecurrence.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ScheduleReference](docs/ScheduleReference.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SharedDataSetPath](docs/SharedDataSetPath.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SharedDataSets](docs/SharedDataSets.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.Subscription](docs/Subscription.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SubscriptionHistory](docs/SubscriptionHistory.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemInfo](docs/SystemInfo.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.SystemPolicy](docs/SystemPolicy.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ThumbnailItem](docs/ThumbnailItem.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.UpdateCacheSnapshotResult](docs/UpdateCacheSnapshotResult.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.User](docs/User.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.UserCredentials](docs/UserCredentials.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.ValidValue](docs/ValidValue.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.WeekNumberEnum](docs/WeekNumberEnum.md)
 - [PowerBiReportServerRestApi.WeeklyRecurrence](docs/WeeklyRecurrence.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

